Add SQL error guidance to developer style guide (#15631)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/developer/style.md

But please at least capitalize the obvious keywords, like `SELECT`, `INSERT`,
`FROM`, `WHERE`, `AS`, `AND`, etc.

### SQL error style

> We adhere to the PostgreSQL manual's [SQL error message style guide](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/error-style-guide.html).
> 
> The format consists of a required primary message and optional detail and hint messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For error message style, we strive to adhere to the [guidelines](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/error-style-guide.html) in the PostgreSQL manual, and use a format that consists of a **required** _primary_ message followed by **optional** _detail_ and _hint_ messages.
```
